# 61a-bot

This repository contains a snapshot of the 61A Bot project as described in [61A Bot Report: AI Assistants in CS1 Save Students Homework Time and Reduce Demands on Staff. (Now What?)](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/3641554.3701864).

This is very much research-quality code, and is offered as-is without any implication of support. To be clear: you should not use this code in production yourself! It exists as an artifact to allow readers and researchers to understand how our particular implementation handles student requests, what prompts we used, etc.

For this reason, we do not provide detailed instructions on how to deploy the bot in a production environment.

The critical pieces of interest to other researchers are likely to be prompts themselves, which can be found in `bot-server/data/prompts/Get_help.txt` and `bot-server/data/notes/*.txt`, the latter of which are per-problem text that is inserted into the base prompt to address specific challenges in generating feedback for that problem. The companion homework assignments can be found on the [Berkeley CS 61A website](https://cs61a.org/).

## Structure

There are two main pieces here: the 61a-bot-vscode-extension, a VSCode extension that's enabled when you open a file that looks like a 61A assignment, and the bot-server, which proxies requests to OpenAI's API and tracks usage.

A number of auxiliary files are required for the bot-server to run:

- `.env` contains the `AZURE_OPENAI_API_KEY` string
- `scrapes/{fa23,[etc]}.json` contains the scraped text of the 61A homework assignments for the given term. These are generated by using the `scrape.py` script in this folder.
- `active-function-maps/{fa23,[etc]}.json` contains the function maps for the given term. These are generated by running `scrape.py` and `function-map.py` in the `scrapes` directory.


